in short the bookmakers were clear wrong made the 3 walls the
prophecies in favor of Christmas radio frequencies
0 high arrows and we are all wrong ecs
we say that we are happy to have space for you, too
also said in recent days it would have been
1 of the world had started his own
l has his kingdom on
World tennis with a sponge
study already won you and won with piero medico
he dominated to say the first two sets in particular in short
never has
feared losing the service in the first in the second set.
I really lost a few points
and then later
because it was
maybe a little text when he lost the third set
david icke i don't say he came the little arm he took for a moment
after a series of minutes of right also suffered a negative series
quite heavy
but then
successful offers came out at the distance and he was good because
after losing the third he would. third sector
now also be
I was traumatized
extraordinary delivery.
here all with the siphon to defeat confirm that however when
everyone plays well the best of all
I say it too I must say that I have advertising this year already had
beaten four times king christmas
and I did it for the fifth time I washed
he is shot down on the red earth
he beat him even on the grass pd you can not do south
in my opinion he could not do absolutely
second set
bags in how much I wanted to play a little bit better because he was wrong
some brito ke usually never misses a big block champion anyway
he wins the davis cup in December he wins the wimbledon after losing it
Australia will be the number one favorite even in the United States because
in conclusion
he always said on cement and this is his best surface
we will obviously see sentences better if they are still far away anyway they are
glad I have to say because of a bad game because after so many years it deserved too
to break your portfolio
since 2004
I've always been one of the worlds not to be missed
via a book
the same thing, those who always have it hard say it must be cooked now
there is certainly no great player who deserves pizza on the throne of time
I think we had fun here as the blocks we saw were beautiful
games
great excitement in the hospital is Italian tennis gone like this and so we are not
you get to the second week
as usual, the schiavone
and the pine forest is good in tone, I think so
cable obstacle a 9 7 I lost at 11 nova to the third
but in short overall
it's always the two of them that keep us up now next weekend will be there
davis cup
apple italy
pro loco came to arzachena
the game level will not be the same
but the result will be equally important because
and yet another chance to play
to come back
series to your car from
Health publishes a book how much you pay based
has been very supported by the force applied to the teams see dear miss
Italy
and from the presence of alessandro but su
and Albert days here at Wimbledon
I have to thank you
and sorry if I say great it seemed celebratory but the fateful one is
certainly great
the result I hope you think
ecchilo of cool big also you greetings to all